Development comparisons (#271)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/app-development/services-comparison.md

---
title: Services Comparison
description: Learn about the differences in services between Adobe Commerce and App Builder.
contributor_name: Comwrap Reply GmbH
contributor_link: https://www.comwrap.com/en.html
keywords:
  - App Builder
  - Extensibility
---

# Services comparison

> This guide highlights key differences and benefits between Adobe Commerce and Adobe Developer App Builder services. It provides a comparison of services used in both platforms and outlines the differences in their implementation and usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide highlights key differences and benefits of using Adobe Developer App Builder services over services available within Adobe Commerce. It provides a comparison of services used in both platforms and outlines the differences in their implementation and usage.
```
